##### *Copyright (c) 2020 - President and Fellows of Harvard College. All rights reserved.*
 
*Developed by:  Brett J Graham and Wei-Chung A Lee<br>
Department of Neurobiology, Harvard Medical School<br>
Harvard Brain Science Initiative*<br>

#### *Harvard University case number HU 6331 - GridTape Imaging Stage*
 
By downloading, using and/or viewing these designs, documentation and related data and information, and all content in the foregoing (collectively, the “Designs”), you agree to the following:
You may use, copy, modify, display and distribute the Designs for any non-commercial research or educational purpose.
 
THE DESIGNS ARE PROTOTYPES AND ARE EXPERIMENTAL IN NATURE AND SHOULD BE USED WITH PRUDENCE AND APPROPRIATE CAUTION, AS NOT ALL OF THE CHARACTERISTICS ARE KNOWN. THE DESIGNS ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, ACCURACY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF CONDUCT, OR USAGE OF TRADE) OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. NO OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT OF PRESIDENT AND FELLOWS OF HARVARD COLLEGE (“HARVARD”) OR ITS TRUSTEES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS, WHETHER MADE WITHIN THE DESIGNS OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. HARVARD MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE DESIGNS WILL BE ACCURATE, CURRENT OR RELIABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, AND AS A CONSEQUENCE SOME OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
 
IN NO EVENT SHALL HARVARD  OR ITS TRUSTEES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS (THE “HARVARD PARTIES”) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, BUSINESS, GOODWILL, DATA, REVENUE, OR PROFITS; REASONABLE ROYALTIES; BUSINESS INTERRUPTION; OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE DESIGNS, OR FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM RELATED IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THE DESIGNS OR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH HARVARD, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE LIMITATIONS ARE REASONABLE, THAT THEY ARE AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT HEREOF, AND THAT ABSENT SUCH LIMITATIONS, HARVARD WOULD NOT MAKE THE DESIGNS AVAILABLE TO YOU OR ENTER INTO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU REMAIN RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL LEGAL COMPLIANCE WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USAGE OF THE DESIGNS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, AND AS A CONSEQUENCE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU; IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, THE LIABILITY OF THE HARVARD PARTIES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.<br>

#### *Harvard University case number HU 8085 - GridTape Stage Software*
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the names of the Harvard Brain Science Initiative, Harvard Medical School, Harvard University, the Harvard shield or logo, nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific prior written permission.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE.
